hi it's me fam 6 X 6 X 6 X from Android
bunin more info I thought I'd show you
guys a quick look at honeycomb Android
3.2 for the motorola xoom as you can see
it is 3.2 like i said at the be featured
group 3.2 dead of course singin up the
goods little faster everything seemed to
go faster that's good games like them
leave depo alone that will very small
like fun side stretch to become bigger
immokalee and in other games there is an
option down here to distress to fill
screen or zoom to build screen either
one will work it up to you whichever one
you want to do so yeah and that one more
thing i want to show you guys which is
the fire manager same old fire manager
yeah whatever but up on level x 10 to 1
extend the one is the SD card
as d cut it in a regular but external
one does d cut so yes it finally had SD
card support so finally after months and
months of waiting we have SD card
support okay later